I think living in the military, we're gonna understand that there's gonna
be a increase in tempo, whether you're you're ratcheting up for,
ah, deployment, whether it's something Connecticut's happening around
you or their circumstances, whether it's family or within work. I
think that you have to if you're taking care of yourself. If you're
taking care of your mind, body and spirit, those types of things kind
of mitigate themselves, and you can manage them much more effectively.
Stress that comes at you is much more easily overcome because
you have already taken care of, um, yourself in a different circumstances
that you're dealing with.